Made it clearer that you really should use exact pinned tags with Docker (#165)
BlueMap-Minecraft/BlueMapWiki: wiki/getting-started/Installation.md

## Using BlueMap Docker image
You can use [BlueMap CLI](#using-bluemap-on-the-cli--standalone) in a Docker container. This is perfect for container loving sysadmins.

The image is available on GitHub container registry as `ghcr.io/bluemap-minecraft/bluemap`.

For production usage you should **always** pin the version to a specific version (such as `v5.20`) as even the latest minor might still be a pre-release.

> This is because some updates (even minor ones) require manual upgrades, which will always be listed in the changelog.

Author: Alternatively?
```suggestion
For production usage you should **always** pin the version to a specific version (such as `v5.20`),
because some updates (even minor ones) require manual upgrades, which will always be listed in the changelog.
```
